# [WeFund: The Smarter, Faster Way to Make a Difference]

WeFund is a next-generation donation platform built on the XRP Ledger to
eliminate the common frictions of giving---slow, multi-day bank
transfers, complex currency conversions and hidden fees that erode the
value of each gift, plus the lack of clear proof that funds reach their
intended recipients. By using XRP as our settlement asset, WeFund
processes donations in under four seconds with fees measured in
thousandths of a cent and no intermediaries. Every transaction is
immutably recorded on a public ledger, and our intuitive dashboard
provides real-time status updates and automated notifications, so donors
can instantly confirm when their contribution is received, converted if
necessary and disbursed. In doing so, WeFund restores trust, maximises
impact and makes generosity as transparent as it is effortless.

# [Feature 1: Instant, low-cost transactions]

/donate - XRPL, as a blockchain that facilitates XRP transactions,
enables users to transfer value at a low cost and high speed.
process-signed-payload/[[route.ts]{.underline}](http://route.ts) handles
this, by receiving a a signed payment payload through the user scanning
a Xaman QR on the WeFund website and submitting it to the XRPL on the
back-end. Subsequently, WeFund reflects that payment to the recipient
charity by signing a self-generated payment payload and submitting it to
XRPL, ensuring that donated funds reach their intended beneficiary.

# [Feature 2: Transparent transaction history]

/donations - With public wallet addresses, users of WeFund can see
exactly where their funds are directed towards. Since users and WeFund
have full control over which payments to trust and submit to the XRPL,
there is complete transparency and security over payment flow and
target.

# 

# 

# [Key Security Features:]
/auth - Authentication and verification for preventing unauthorized
access and ensuring only legitimate users can donate. They protect donor
funds by safeguarding accounts against fraud or tampering. Strong
authentication builds trust, ensuring donations reach the intended
causes securely.

/donate - Donations are made through the Xaman app, which is heavily
encrypted and requires personal authentication and the user's physical
phone in order to sign a payment payload with the user's wallet seed.

# [XRPL Interaction Flow:]

WeFund generates a Xaman QR -\> User scans and signs the payment payload
embedded in the QR with the wallet seed -\> WeFund receives signed
payment payload and submits it to XRPL using XRP's HTTP API -\> WeFund
self-generates a payment payload directed to charity/beneficiary -\>
WeFund signs and submits this payload to XRPL, completing the
transaction.

# [Final Summary:]

WeFund helps to make donating to causes you believe in easier, safer and
more transparent through the use of XRPL, aiming to disrupt and simplify
the international crowdfunding scene as we know it.

# [Demo video:] [[https://drive.google.com/file/d/1To6HSxLv7DPDtWe8tB6QUQkQrSjfXKVO/view?usp=sharing/]{.underline}](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1To6HSxLv7DPDtWe8tB6QUQkQrSjfXKVO/view?usp=sharing/) {#demo-video-httpsdrive.google.comfiled1to6hsxlv7dpdtwe8tb6quqkqrsjfxkvoviewuspsharing}

[Audio video:]

[[https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vKB9xv6U1yEL3UHfLKpCyxVSWxV912R9/view?usp=sharing/]{.underline}](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vKB9xv6U1yEL3UHfLKpCyxVSWxV912R9/view?usp=sharing/)

# [Blocklink : <https://testnet.xrpl.org/accounts/rPC5LX8Pc7cN7MadBsBdgA7NQuaZQM2wV4/transactions/>]{.underline} {#blocklink-httpstestnet.xrpl.orgaccountsrpc5lx8pc7cn7madbsbdga7nquazqm2wv4transactions}

# [Website has been published at :] [[https://easya-hackathon-84360.web.app/auth/]{.underline}](https://easya-hackathon-84360.web.app/auth/) {#website-has-been-published-at-httpseasya-hackathon-84360.web.appauth}

# [Presentation slides : <https://www.canva.com/design/DAGpp863C2M/PGqF5Chbp2g8oedsWu-QEQ/view?utm_content=DAGpp863C2M&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link2&utm_source=uniquelinks&utlId=h269ca26bd7>] {#presentation-slides-httpswww.canva.comdesigndagpp863c2mpgqf5chbp2g8oedswu-qeqviewutm_contentdagpp863c2mutm_campaigndesignshareutm_mediumlink2utm_sourceuniquelinksutlidh269ca26bd7}

